Challenge, you asked for it,
You say that you are a trash at the bottom of society,
There's no need to talk, he's offending Mr. Jie,
I won't take a look, I won't take a look,
You should take a look, don’t take a look, don’t take a look, don’t take a look,
No look, no look, no look, no look, no look, no look, no look, no look, no look, no look, no look, no look, no
Take a look, don’t take a look, don’t take a look,
Not a glance, not a glance, not a glance, not a glance, not a glance, not a glance, not a glance
Eye, don't do it, don't do it
There is a young man here, I will give it to you, so you have nothing to fear and let him go.
After we finished for a while, there was a county sister
Why don't you come here when you are older?
I have nothing to do today
Sister Jun came over to see
What is this, Miss County?
You came just in time
The person this little dragon offended
I still don’t take your Song Ye seriously
I'm preparing to teach you a lesson
What's the meaning
This piece of shit
It’s not like Song Ye wanted to make friends with him, but why?
This is a gift from Song Ye
Don’t play all the time now?
This is Song Ye’s Jinkou
How dare you call her rags?